Autolinks cleanup  cleanup (#6505)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/canvas/canvas-function-reference.md

| Argument | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| *Unnamed*<br>Alias: `value` | `string` | An optional date string that is parsed into milliseconds since epoch. The date string can be either a valid JavaScript `Date` input or a string to parse using the `format` argument. Must be an ISO8601 string, or you must provide the format. |

> | `format` | `string` | The MomentJS format used to parse the specified date string. For more information, see [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/). |

Author: ```suggestion
| `format` | `string` | The MomentJS format used to parse the specified date string. For more information, refer to the [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/). |
```

### `formatdate` [formatdate_fn]

> Formats an ISO8601 date string or a date in milliseconds since epoch using MomentJS. See [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/).

Author: ```suggestion
Formats an ISO8601 date string or a date in milliseconds since epoch using MomentJS. Refer to [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/).
```

| Argument | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | *Unnamed* **\***<br>Alias: `format` | `string` | A MomentJS format. For example, `"MM/DD/YYYY"`. See [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/). |

Author: ```suggestion
| *Unnamed* **\***<br>Alias: `format` | `string` | A MomentJS format. For example, `"MM/DD/YYYY"`. Refer to [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/). |
```

| Argument | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| *Unnamed*<br>Aliases: `pattern`, `regex` | `string` | The text or pattern of a JavaScript regular expression. For example, `"[aeiou]"`. You can use capturing groups here. |

> | `flags`<br>Alias: `modifiers` | `string` | Specify flags. See [the RegExp reference on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp).<br>Default: `"g"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `flags`<br>Alias: `modifiers` | `string` | Specify flags. Refer to [the RegExp reference on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp).<br>Default: `"g"` |
```

| Argument | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | *Unnamed*<br>Alias: `format` | `string` | The MomentJS format to use for bucketing. For example, `"YYYY-MM"` rounds to months. See [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *Unnamed*<br>Alias: `format` | `string` | The MomentJS format to use for bucketing. For example, `"YYYY-MM"` rounds to months. Refer to [Moment.js format documentation](https://momentjs.com/docs/#/displaying/format/). |
```

| *Unnamed*<br>Aliases: `q`, `query` | `string` | A Timelion query<br>Default: `".es(*)"` |
| `from` | `string` | The Elasticsearch `datemath` string for the beginning of the time range.<br>Default: `"now-1y"` |
| `interval` | `string` | The bucket interval for the time series.<br>Default: `"auto"` |

> | `timezone` | `string` | The timezone for the time range. See [Moment.js timezone documentation](https://momentjs.com/timezone/).<br>Default: `"UTC"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timezone` | `string` | The timezone for the time range. Refer to [Moment.js timezone documentation](https://momentjs.com/timezone/).<br>Default: `"UTC"` |
```
